1. My project will be a sort of expansion upon my favorite part of my previous project, the random Grant quote generator. This time, the entire website will be dedicated to creating historical apology letters. Using a database to store several word banks, the user will be able to create a historically inaccurate letter of apology using either dropdown selections reminiscent of Mad Libs or simple randomized options.

2. This website, as with everything I create, will not benefit society in any way and would probably be better off not existing at all. Regardless of this obvious truth, it's funny to me, and I could probably spend an afternoon messing around with it and showing it to my friends and family as they don't even humor me with pity laughs. That's enough to satisfy me. In that sense, my target population is myself and I am making it to my preferences to appeal to me.

3. This website is not helpful in the slightest and the humor it provides is almost certainly so niche that only I will enjoy it. Regardless, my uncanny, borderline unhinged obsession with certain historical figures and placing them in mundane situations will certainly make it unique, for better or worse. Despite that, I'm certain other sites or apps exist that perform a similar function, realistically the site is just a glorified Mad Libs simulator with a historical and somber theming, after all. However, it will, if nothing else, be made by me so it'll at least hypothetically appeal to people who want something objectively worse than what's already on the market.

4. While bugs are absolutely expected and typical good programming practices will be employed to both anticipate and remove them, I'm also considering security from the beginning. While I don't plan on requiring any authentication, the concept of having a website hacked has always been a point of interest, maybe even concern, for me. I obviously don't plan on actually deploying this site and even if I did I'm not pretentious enough to assume this site would be found or worth hacking, but regardless, it can be good practice to pretend it could be, and thus research a little bit more about security and ensuring, at least to a realistic level given the timeframe, that the site is safe, secure, and (mostly) bug free.

5. I'm moving forward with this project because I need a final project, I am not a creative person, I don't personally have any need or desire for a personal website of any kind, and this idea is at least funny and sounds fun to implement, which is important for my engagement and learning. While the finished product won't be anything useful, I'm hoping that by putting everything I've learned together in a rather simple concept (basically just string manipulation if you really think about it) it'll solidify the things that aren't entirely concrete yet while connecting them to things I do understand well. Web design has been much more difficult for me to grasp so I'm hoping this will be a good oppurtunity to explore while keeping things simple. As for strategy, mostly make, break, fix, repeat. Whether good or bad, I'm the type of person that cannot wrap his head around abstract things, so I have to start creating and decide where to go as I go. I will, however, keep in mind security and good project structure from the start, and refactor as often as necessary as things get more complex and I learn more by programming more.